what's happening you bitch-ass mother
and bastard ass piece of mother fuckin
bastard holes
I mean forum listen when you are late at
the airport and you're gonna miss your
flight
you don't stop at the toll booth yeah
did you see that driver went all General
Lee on us ramping that toll booth at the
DFW ha wait didn't I see this already in
die hard yeah and look I'm not so
classless that I would make a joke about
women drivers but yeah it was totally a
woman driving yeah one article I read
said that she was drunk driving but the
woman I guess claims that she was
rear-ended or something I don't know I
don't have time to be reading all kinds
now this next video got like 2 million
views and under a week now the videos of
one of those cover bands that you know
that plays weddings but the band is not
what's great about this what's great
about this is the drummer
crazy by the shark ass man
and that guy is incredible I wish that
guy were my dad look at him go okay you
kind of reminds me of Chris Farley
doesn't it or maybe animal and that
Muppet band I mean this guy isn't a
wedding drummer this guy is the wedding
drummer he's kind of like Lars Ulrich
from Metallica except you know not a
soul now I don't know if this guy is
still playing weddings or parties all I
know is the party is right here that
band seriously needs to move him and his
drum set to the front of the stage okay
I've showed you the most awesome drummer
on the planet now I'm gonna show you the
most awesome dance on the planet oh this
dance starts off with the guy sitting on
the ground while the girl shakes her
booty a little but then they got this
one move that makes the dance ever so
incredible
Oh what was that seriously ladies you
can't just go to a club and grab a guy
and start assaulting him with your ass
you better buy him dinner first I mean
what the hell is this don't you know
this is how people get pinkeye come on
son no and I'm not kidding this is an
actual Brazilian dance and as noted in
the video the dance is called surra de
bunda which i believe in portuguese
translates to brazilians are not as cool
as Americans what I'm just reading the
translation but no my real question is
how much do they have to pay this a
space to participate in this there's
just something so very wrong about this
type of booty dancing now when I first
watched this video I looked down and saw
the top comment now this comment was so
eloquently worded I think this person's
wisdom sums up exactly what's wrong with
this type of dancing nigga just got aids
in his mouth yeah words to live by
but you know what else you should live
by the comment question of the day which
comes from a user named Bing and he says
so my common question is what is your
catchphrase so what's your catchphrase
leave your interesting or creative
responses in the comment section
but thanks for watching today's episode
of equals three I'm ray william johnson
and I approve this message so tell me
forum rock paper or scissors stomping
your ball stall stall fucking stalking
stop talking box darken your bomb stop
stop knocking you're stalking your mom
stalking your mom stop stop stop
stalking you Bob
stop stop stop in your box stop stop
talking and stalking your mom stop y'all
I've been stalking your mom for like two
years straight I'm Way too shy to ask
her out on a date so I just wait in your
neighbor's lawn put my camera ready then
my camera flies on and I know that I'll
get plenty pics once you leave nigga
just got aids in his mouth
what's happening forum guys I went to
this bar the other night and there I am
chillin playing miss pac-man and then
holy shit the car crashed into the
building yeah no that wasn't actually me
but lucky for them no one was hurt and I
still can't believe the driver actually
got the entire car into the building how
in the hell does one manage to pull off
something like that roads where we're
going we don't need roads now what the
footage doesn't show you is your
alcoholic dad getting out of the car
afterwards like ah the party has arrived
now I know what you're already thinking
you're thinking Rea no cute furry little
bastards today no internet cats doing
adorable shirt nope I got something even
better ladies and gentlemen I present to
you the greatest song of all time
no I love this song and I think it's
hilarious but I can't quite figure out
what it's about
something about overweight evany females
now this video isn't quite viral but
this song needs to be everywhere like it
somehow needs to end up on your
grandma's iPod like hey grandma what are
you listening to big booty bitches you
better act somebody and really quick I
want to point out that part of the
reason why this video is so awesome is
because the guy on the right is dressed
like he just got out of church he must
have asked the Lord for some big booty
bitches all right guys I want you to
know you may or may not be going to hell
for what you're about to laugh at now I
can't believe that this video went so
viral this week now the video is
actually a small clip from that show
intervention now whoever posted it
titled it best cry ever and I'll be
damned if it isn't the best cry ever I
still love you
you should be ashamed of yourself if
you're laughing all right see you can't
just are alright see you can't do you
guys see and I know you guys are like
screw that ray
call the wambulance I'm allowed to laugh
if the guys cry sounds like Chewbacca
being stabbed to death with a ballpoint
pens
but the guy is getting his life together
shouldn't we be happy for it but no you
guys got to go on auto-tune the damn
video you guys have a dub sense of humor
that's all I'm saying
no jokes aside I'm sincerely glad this
guy is on the road to recovery and I
genuinely hope he gets his life together
and I hope that one day maybe we can all
get together and enjoy the finer things
in life like big booty bitches all right
I'm gonna go right into the comic
question of the day which comes from a
user named cific I can't pronounce that
and she said my comment question the day
is from the cookie jar
so who stole the cookies from the cookie
jar leave your interesting or creative
responses in the comments section but
thanks for watching today's episode of
equals three I'm ray william johnson and
I approve this message really quick guys
I did a little video ping with oMG facts
I really like their website and I'm
trying to help them get their YouTube
channel off the ground so if you can't
get enough of me if you haven't gotten
enough of me from me putting out nine
videos a week then you can click here
and listen to me talk about some you
know facts about dolphins and shit
anyway it's pretty entertaining it's
like a minute long check it out if you
wanna and of course I'll see you guys in
a few days so tell me forum what's under
your bed stalking your mom
stop stop stop and you're stalking your
mom stop stalking
in your mom stop started all Canyon
stalking your mom stalking your mom
stalking your Bob stop stop stalking and
stalking your mom starts talking
stop
stop yo I've been stalking your mom for
like two years straight
I'm Way too shy to ask her out on a date
so I just wait in your neighbor's lawn
with my camera ready and my camera flies
on what's happening guys guys so there's
this video of this midget getting
punched oh no not me this other little
dude here he gets pimp-slap by this girl
up here playing playstation whoa whoa
whoa whoa who gives a fuck about the
midget getting punched did anyone else
notice how tough that entire party was
all right you got this escaped convict
over here like humping the air you got
this dude over here just not moving at
all I guess he like drank the bong water
or something you got this half naked
midget you got this belly dancer and
then you got Snooki up here over here on
the video game oh and in case you didn't
notice they're doing all of this over
here and what appears to be the bathroom
now I don't know how many views this has
I haven't seen the original this video
was sent to me privately with no context
like hey ray check out this video of
this midget getting punched but frankly
I don't give a damn about the little
dude getting hit I want to know what the
hell else is going on in that bathroom
seriously is this some kind of like
Cirque du Soleil
afterparty and whose bathroom is that is
that Charlie Sheen's bathroom I mean if
he's got parties like that going on in
his bathroom then damn maybe he is
winning like man you got to go take a
shit in my bathroom sometime I got
PlayStation in there I got midgets and
belly dancers so this next video is
pretty cool actually it's really cool
it's old though and it's not really
viral I mean it got about a hundred
thousand views in about a year and a
half and for whatever reason Jesus or
the government or whoever the hell
controls the internet asked like a
thousand of you to suddenly send this
video to me this week asking me to
review it so I'm gonna review your
fucking welcome no I'm kidding I admit
it is a really cool video so here it is
these guys decided to punch a fat hairy
guy in his stomach but they did it in
super slow motion
yeah see that was pretty cool huh oh but
then they took it one step further they
went ahead and shot this bastard a
couple of times with a BB gun alright
first of all guys don't ever ever try
this at home you'll shoot your fucking
eye out kid second that was incredibly
entertaining but who in their right mind
would volunteer to do something like
that I mean was the dude that broke did
he need the money or was he like
pledging to be in a fraternity or
something cuz when you speed up that
footage that looks painful
ah also I don't know if you guys noticed
but at one point I think his belly
button eats one of the B B's nom nom nom
nom I mean that baby doesn't come back
out where did it go and by the way just
a side note I'm told that if you ingest
too many bb's your poop comes out
bedazzled now when you go watch the full
video you'll see and you'll notice that
like his stomach is all fucked up from
that which is why I said don't try this
at home mom Wright told me to go shoot
bad guys with a BB gun no no that's not
what I said anyway I have no idea why
those guys decided to make that video
and put their poor friend through that
door chair but it was entertaining
nonetheless so good job guys alright
damn here it is last video you may have
already seen this video cuz it's got
about 3.3 million views thanks to a
recent push from Ellen and it's really
simple it's just this little baby
laughing at some ripped paper now when
you go and watch the full video after
this and you read the description you'll
see that the joke is kind of that the
torn paper is a job rejection letter
that the dad received which makes it all
that much better that the baby's
laughing so hard
come on admit it cutest baby ever I mean
come on don't you guys just want to like
tickle em and pick him up and snuggle
with him come here you little baby
snuggle snuggle snack but that's what I
like about it so much and I'm glad it's
getting a lot of views because it's just
so pure I mean it's just a baby laughing
his little butt off it's not some crazy
party with a midget getting hit in the
face I mean it's not one of those things
where you got to put it in super slow
motion to make it cool in fact if you
did put it in super slow motion the baby
would probably sound a little demonic
now come on he's a cute kid I mean he's
just laughing a little bit at the paper
being torn and maybe a little bit of
Charlie Sheen's recent interviews I'm by
winning I win here no in there oh come
on now little baby don't you be laughing
at Charlie Sheen
I hear taking a his bathroom is like the
best party you'll ever go to I'm just
saying that's what I heard I'm not a
hundred percent sure but you know what
I'm always sure of the comment question
of the day which comes from a user named
Sam and they said how common question of
the day is what you do if you what would
you wear all right I think they're
asking if you had all the money in the
world what underwear would you wear yeah
it's weird
I don't know just answer it and leave
your interesting or creative responses
in the comment section below or on
Facebook or Twitter thanks for watching
today's episode of equals three I'm ray
william johnson and I approve this
message
oh real quick guys the other day I did a
little video with my boy Freddie Wong so
you could check it out here if you want
bambam it's pretty cool I get to shoot
the heads off some trolls with a shotgun
and Freddie is an awesome guy in an
amazing filmmaker and if you want to
subscribe to him go ahead no one's gonna
know me no one's gonna complain and slam
talk and I'll see you guys in a few days
so tell me guys what would you nom nom
nom on
now everyone was crammed in the basement
wasted even
what's happening guys hold up a sec ah
I'll be with you guys in a minute I just
have to move this couch over here yeah
yeah go ahead guys no no no no wait wait
go somebody's up all over gnocchi so you
know what just throw it over the side
awesome perfect no this this video is
unfortunately hilarious and it recently
got popularized by FAIL Blog who got it
up to a half million views in just a few
days which is great but you gotta wonder
like why is this dude moving furniture
in his underwear another question you
gotta ask is why is the dude with the
camera even filming this you couldn't
think of anything better to film dude
come on make a sex tape do something no
now obviously these guys are polish and
I say obviously not because oh they're
dumb Polack but because if you look
below the video there are a lot of
comments in Polish like Rosa Willem any
naka watch on us as a bag or a chronic
console and Orgazmo Tam da still nah but
you know and who could forget cosa I see
no come on those comments are great you
don't even know no and forgive my accent
when reading those cuz I don't know if
you guys can tell but polish isn't my
first language so this next video isn't
really funny I don't know maybe I'm not
really sure what it is it's just one of
those things where you know you're like
chilling in your neighborhood you're
having a good time and then suddenly
some pingi start running down the street
what the hell what suddenly some geese
just decided to take a leisurely stroll
through the neighborhood and who is this
gigantic motherfucker here in the middle
baby Huey what does he got a glandular
problem pull the hold on let's back up
for a second why in the hell are these
geese running through the streets what
was their flight delayed and suddenly
they're like yep this I'm walking south
Oh or maybe maybe this one stole
something and they're all chasing him oh
maybe they're protesting yeah legalize
marijuana yeah or my personal favorite
maybe they're in one of those cool
marching bands that the black colleges
have no this video is actually really
amusing and it's like two years old but
I guess this week some website called
barstool sports posted it and got it up
to a hundred thousand views which is
great because this video is worth
watching just to hear the pitter-patter
of their little geese beef did you hear
that it sounds like you touching
yourself at night no come on these geese
are really cute they better not come
through my neighborhood though cuz I'll
punch your little goose in his head
alright final video and of course it was
the most viewed this week and it
definitely went viral getting a million
views enough in day Jerry that's a lot
abuse and the funny thing is it's one of
those videos that went viral solely on
cuteness
it's just footage of this cute little
girl talking explaining how she doesn't
want to get married until she finds a
job I don't want to marry someone if I
don't have a job first man I'm running
out no I don't worry Mary you get I want
to have the job Wow five years old and
she's already got her life figured out
that's crazy man when I was five years
old all I did was pick my nose and ride
my bike in fact that's still really all
I do now and where did she learn to be
so mature did she get that from her
parents they don't teach that on Pokemon
no the little girl is adorable it's it's
awesome just how independent she
and he is he says I will not come back
to you fine I'll find a different man oh
snap girl man she don't give a damn
she's like oh if he says no then Kim
I'll just find another man who looked
just like it all right listen cute
little white girl coming from a dude
who's waited tables for five years
getting a job is way overrated but
admittedly guys this is like the cutest
little girl we've seen in a long time
she's so cute you just want to eat her
up don't you like no no no I'm not mom
in fact she's so cute if she does get a
job she should marry that other kid
though it gave it after the dentist or
whatever no but sincerely my favorite
thing about this video is how positive
all the comments have been like oh this
is great and oh she's so cute and I mean
you get the occasional Koza I see but I
mean what can you do right and one more
thing ladies to all of you who want to
marry me yeah all four of you you don't
need to worry about getting a job first
coz trust me cooking my dinner and
watching my nasty underwear is a
full-time job in and of itself but you
know what else washes my nasty underwear
the oh wait how could I forget I
actually just put out a new cartoon for
you guys I'm hoping you dig it it's
doing amazing it's already at the top of
the iTunes comedy charts so go check it
out and let me know if you can count how
many brands of beer are actually named
in the song and I will see you guys in a
few days oh but not before the comment
question of the day which comes from a
user name Wow and he said why is
Victoria Secret so I think we've had
this one before but it's good so what's
Victoria's Secret leave your interesting
or creative responses in the comment
section below or on Facebook or Twitter
so thanks for watching today's episode
of equals three I'm ray william johnson
and I approve this message so tell me
guys what did you bastards put in my
drink
now everyone was crammed in the basement
wasted even in a soggy that born
exchange what's up guys you know I'm back look
I'm clean-shaven I no longer look like a
serial killer but who who cares how I
look anyway you know what this is how I
imagine you look yeah
real sexy there regardless I want you to
watch this skateboard video now pay
attention to the narration bill skating
down the hill next intimate treasures
Kingsport just off stone drive ain't got
no damn sense he's going to die man I
love this and I love rednecks and I love
skateboards it rednecks and
skateboarding accidents go together like
like black guys and fat white women I
know I've said that before but it's true
there you go quick skateboarder now oh
damn man you fish up now I'm not a
parent that I know of but when your kid
is out in the middle of the street like
bleeding I think it's a good time to put
the flip cam down no I know it looks
like the guy was bleeding pretty bad but
I feel like it was just a scrape I don't
think it was hurt even so I love the
dads like solace lack of sympathy up
there man you sure oh god damn you your
sh up good assessment there Cletus just
imagine that were your redneck dad and
every time you like
I know lost the car keys he'd say oh
damn man you just shut up you know you
lose a sock in the dryer damn man you up
you go out to the club you expect to
bring a hot girl home but instead you
bring home a butterface damn man you
just uh and also when he's describing
the location does he say next to enema
treasures alleged intimate treasures
enema treasures now I imagine that some
kind of like novelty gift shop for
people who were into ass play Yeah right
you guys are into ass play right yeah me
too totally call me big ass play you
guys ever see something so cute you want
to like snuggle it like roll around in
it that's what I do two dead hookers now
this is a no visit Corgi puppies check
this out puppy puppy puppy puppy puppy
puppy puppy puppy puppy puppy puppy
puppy
oh god I love you so much I snuggle
snuggle I just want to break you in half
and eat your soul from the inside I
think this was the Stampede in Lion King
that killed Mufasa now this video got a
quarter million views and yes I know the
videos old but so is that counselor at
summer camp who molested you
don't bullshit me I know what happened
that's that's why you turned out looking
like this now not only is this video old
but I reviewed one exactly like it a
couple years ago and I'm but I don't
give a fuck I do what I want
I'll pick and sell drugs to a kid in a
wheelchair and then I'll kick that
wheelchair right out into traffic
then I'll giggle my ass off hahaha I
don't give up and is it just me or are
corgis a really weird-looking breed a
dog got them short little gimpy ass legs
not that there's anything wrong with
having short gimpy legs I'm a human
being goddamn it not an oval Loompa and
one more thing that the owner not want
to give these dogs individual names or
they all just named puppy puppy puppy
puppy puppy puppy well you know what
I'll help out I'll give them names
that's fatty that's slutty that's a pup
named slickback
that's RiRi her P and Jesus there you
see easy
problem solved rear is my favorite now
this last video is a local news clip my
favorite which got 125,000 views in a
week now here is reporter Gordon Boyd
now Gordon Boyd comes to us from outside
a courthouse where he's reporting on a
double rape and murder trial
Jesus anyway he gets a little mad on
camera and loses it Alan victim
statements of giving Christian Shannon's
parents the chance to confront their
children's convicted killer
he said that staying and doing nothing
is as heinous as doing it all
all right we're having technical
difficulties technical difficulties
because anger management counts as a
technical difficulty I still can't
figure out what the hell he's so mad
about what made him fly into a plane all
caps rage on the ground no no but the
best part by far is the other anchors
reaction phase
see it's weird that's not a oh how
embarrassing face
that's a me face I mean every girl I've
ever met in a bar who has wanted to pop
me has made that exact face and of
course the rest of the girls I just
roofie and then they make a face like
this now this video was uploaded a week
ago but I feel like it's a replica like
someone just re uploaded it but either
way it was popular this week no I don't
know if oh Gordon Boyd got fired I don't
I kind of feel bad if he did but it's
slightly fucking hilarious I mean it's
too bad that redneck dad wasn't there to
like state the obvious damn man you shut
up thank you redneck dad that'll be all
isn't there some NASCAR you could be
watching I personally think old Gordon
boy needs a stampede of Cordys to make
him feel better but that's probably
Jessica's reasonable mm-hmm but you know
what else is my favorite the comment
question of the day surprise surprise
which comes from a user named berm and
she said oh my comment question is where
did that stain on the carpet come from
so where did that stain on the carpet
come from and you know we brief answers
here we don't need long explanations for
where the goddamn stain on the carpet
came from well I was at a bar and
someone's moves making this me face and
no just a brief answer and leave your
answer in the comment section boom or on
Facebook Twitter or Google+ thanks for
watching today's episode of equals three
I'm ray william johnson and this is my
me face and I approve this message so
tell me guys what is the first thing you
do in a foreign country ass play ass
play ass play or work is my
starting baby feel free to blow on my
cartridge alcohol makes everything so
pixelated when you bought it
hey what's up Brandon
what if likes you off to your trip to
the gay bar wherever it is that you're
going weird that you need an entire day
to go to a gay bar wait I just don't
have it together today I can't do it
right bro
that's tech I want you to use Brendon Oh
hahaha boom that's it
hey guys I'm starting a Kickstarter
campaign I'm trying to raise money cuz I
need a penis reduction it's a huge
problem for me
so this first video is super old it's
actually getting a second wind it's
reviling that's a word shut up
don't you read fucking Wagnalls
dictionaries anyway the video is titled
what he's dancing his way through
college like every stripper I've ever
attempted just to know this video is
cute I just want to give a little
sombrero sombrero is our Mexican that
Puerto Rican so it's give a knife and a
car stereo P or what what hey for real
though that dog's leash looks pretty
short somebody should call PETA and tell
them congratulations on winning the
Hunger Games you know when I was a kid I
was the same height that I am now no
when I was a kid I thought this screen
door was open and it wasn't and I ran
through it so the next video is kind of
like that except it's Russian and she's
running through glass forgot you got it
yeah but man it looks like she was
rushing into that glass no what was she
drinking she must have been smashed
vodka
watch where you're going that one
doesn't work does it but seriously guys
don't laugh at the girl who ran into the
glass she's blind
jerks no she's not blind but what do
these girls saying it sounds like she's
saying pooping on you your goat lips got
you you got it yeah it reminds me that
time you got all drunk and ran out into
the freeway into traffic you didn't do
that well you should don't you just hate
it when someone tries to assassinate you
I do check this out I've never seen
anything like this before this is a two
million views it is a failed
assassination attempt in Bulgaria
that's just how they do things in
Bulgaria you don't understand their
culture stop judging them you fucking
elitist now no that is not how they do
things in other countries troll I will
beat your ass now I can't tell if he
intentionally didn't pull the trigger or
if he just failed from what I've read
the gun isn't actually a real gun it's a
gas gun I didn't even know that existed
like what does it shoot parts so what
happens afterwards afterwards it gets a
little too violent for me to show you on
equals three but let me just say that
assassin gets the shit kicked out of him
there's an old man that jumps in and
beats his ass with a cane and all kinds
of stuff now I imagine the Bulgarian
version of Hollywood is gonna make a
movie out of this the assassination of
Achmed Buchan are seen by the Coward
book I see not a bit freaky and by the
way great job I met I mean he knocked
that gun out of that dude tamp he was
like wow you go he lives yeah but in all
seriousness I'm really glad this guy
wasn't hurt or killed
this video is depressing and I need
something to bring me up like a like a
dog in a sombrero
hey guys I'm starting to Kickstarter
campaign and I was hoping you can donate
cuz I need to pay for a penis reduction
don't you just hate it when someone
tries to assassinate you I do
dammit I mean he was like wha and then
the con hit him in the face
sorry I'm late guys I just got here I
was up all night partying and I I don't
even remember passing out so I think you
like this this is called drugstore chain
hopping disaster so there are couple
things going on here one is this a
convenience store what because they
appear to be selling something called
caca I know what the hell cocci is but I
want it right now and I want it in my
mouth
yeah and by the way is that an entire
rack of condoms that fell on him you
know dude this all could have been
avoided had you used that I'll that
isn't blocked by a chain again what kind
of convenience store has a chain
attached to a rack of condoms anyway I
will not be buying my cock out from this
establishment sir I will take my
business down the street to Taco Bell
and by the way I really love the new
transitions cuz it gives a little time
for a freeze-frame I hope you guys have
like a method of getting yourself to
sleep at night I drink myself to sleep
at night I don't go fuck no do you guys
count sheep well you won't if they sound
like this
fuck man you ain't my daddy don't be
screaming at me okay you win Jesus and
by the way this is a very common scream
I mean like everybody screams like this
when they're startled Tom Cruise screams
like that honey boo boo screams like
that man the Incredible Hulk screams
like that now this is 850,000 views
since last September and people are
saying it's bacon that it's dubbed over
in fact it looks like it's a thing like
lots of videos are dubbed over like this
lamb saying yeah Jesus really there's no
way this is real this is real you people
really have nothing better to do than
double animal videos do you and I'm out
of jokes now photobombing kind of sucked
well it's funny but it like sucks for
the people involved and I photobomb
plenty of time now here's me
photobombing at a birthday party he's me
photo bombing at the president's
inauguration who's me photo bombing
Jesus and here's me photo bombing the
moon landing anyway so anyway there's
this reporter in New Orleans who gets
video bomb no she's doing a countdown
for the Superbowl and drunk ask people
have been bothering her all night
basically what is left is the people
walking around with this glazed look in
their eyes and just stumbling very nice
to meet you you know okay because we
were just talking about here along
Bourbon Street on the STD rate that's
been going on here and so how long have
you um you had an STD I don't have an
STD well then why did you want to talk I
don't have that today
anyway so as my Asian friends who do
competitive dance would say oh you just
got served mmm did you see that drunk as
woman's face she was all like duh
anyway props to the reporter for
handling her own like that without
missing a beat man she's fuckin gangster
so yeah that's it that's the episode
guys I will see you next Tuesday I am
gonna see you next Tuesday right so
actually it's pretty cool next week
Jason Mewes of Jay and Silent Bob strike
back and like a ton of other movies is
gonna stop by next week in cameo so we
had to size of Bob and now we're gonna
get Jay and I'm like super excited cuz
these guys like influenced me a lot when
I when I was growing up which is why I'm
like a big stoner fuck up now no I'm
kidding but they did influence me a lot
so I gonna be dope All Right see y'all
next week
hey guys this is pretty cool there's
actually a documentary about my life
coming out today in theaters it's called
The Hobbit no but in all seriousness I
actually did audition for that movie but
they said I wasn't tall enough so this
first video is about this group of
penguins a herd of penguins a tribe of
paying a street gang of penguins a
clusterfuck of penguins so pay attention
to this guy right here who's about to
take a tumble
then you had one job penguin one job
walk on the ice and what's that noise
they make after he falls is that the
other penguins laughing at him is there
like a penguin version of nelson from
the simpsons in there or is that like a
universal fail alarm i love penguins
though like with their little tuxedos on
they look like a little fucking
orchestra no really I love penguins I
like the little guys from Happy Feet
happy feet more like sad feet alright so
this is really good it's really unique
we haven't seen anything like this
before check it out there's this physics
class right and the professor here he's
teaching physics physics protons and
electrons and and then there's a student
up here who has fallen asleep now the
professor wants to wake the student up
and clown on him a little bit so he gets
up in his face and pretends to snore
what the fuck who wakes up like that no
I get it cuz sometimes I fall asleep at
work and I freaked out when I wake up
and by the way this is like the funniest
thing that has ever happened in any
physics class ever except for that time
when Heisenberg parted don't make jokes
I can't understand you asshole I get it
cuz who hasn't fallen asleep during
class guys just one time I fell asleep
during class while masturbating oh that
was in class that was Church so check
this out this is called black kid at a
rave or don't check it out you know you
click on another tab and look at porn
all I care racist so this is a street
rave it looks like it's in New York
there's a lot of people dancing here I
mean look you got this homeless Princess
Leia dancing with a stick you got this
guy here who appears to be a walking
dead extra and I think this is Steven
Spielberg here and here we have a chubby
Gandalf oh and then there's Leia again
it looks like she lost some clothes
weight but this is called black kid at a
rave where's the black kid thank black
people don't rave really guys where is
the black kid oh there he is right there
judging you this is amazing as if you
look at that kid's face you know he's
thinking people can't dance you know
what guys
he's got a point love this kid's face
because it is the perfect physical
manifestation of the fuck this kid needs
to be a judge on X Factor so he can
react every time with Duff I perform and
make a fool of myself all the time but
if that black kid judged me like that I
would doubt everything I've ever done in
my entire life was that good was that
was that funny the fuck I can do better
the fucked up judging me stop I'm
leaving there's not a door there all
right guys that's today's episode I hope
I brightened your day cuz I'm ray son
get it brightened son ray son ray what
it's funny the fuck stop judging me kids
get my clip in the mac-10 and boast like
a pop in on all the ass and titties ass
and titties yes sir go to iTunes and
search for ass and titties
if only so that someone else can come in
later and see your search history no one
deserves to be objectified sir I I wear
low-cut shirts because it's empowering
not because I want guys to stare at my
tits I'll see you later guys I'm gonna
take the stairs
hey what's up guys oh hold on a second I
got to close a few tabs up there's my
facebook there's my Twitter there's I
did was doing medical some research shut
up so our first video is of a cat and
it's apparently this cat's birthday cuz
he got a birthday card
bodyslam damn did you see that look huh
yeah I know we think this is all cute
and funny but that cat is pissed and I
don't blame the cat for getting mad it's
like oh hey thanks for getting me a gift
that I hate every time I open it
am I getting on your nerves yet this
next video was of an Australian guy and
he's gonna show us how to catch a
kangaroo how to catch a kangaroo first
you have to find one in the bush here's
one here now then you get your shopping
bag and you put it over the kangaroo and
it will fall in like that
and then you have the kangaroo all right
I don't know exactly what's going on
here but this ends one of two ways
either he eats that kangaroo or he packs
it and it either way Outback Jesus there
has the charm of a serial killer you
know who he reminds me of Charles Manson
also Bruce Lee Adams the Unabomber the
dude killer Bob Fidel Castro head off
the white father time your gay uncle
Moses ZZ top Poseidon Karl Marx every
drummer for the sixties rock band rest
butan and my dealer I mean what other
dumps can you catch by throwing a bag
over its head hey Scotty Jesus yeah you
thought we were done with that Jesus bit
didn't yet but you know what you're
never done with Jesus so our last videos
of this dog named jinx now jinx is in a
dog show and jinx just he just kind of
sucks at being a dog you had one job
jinx one job be a dog and you suck at it
what the hell is jinx hi and if you
smoke a joint with jinx is he then high
jinks seriously though this is one of my
favorite dogs I've ever seen on YouTube
like even though he sucks at everything
you still love him I mean they look
there he's screwing up the hurdles he
can't even do that platform thing I mean
look at this bastard can't even run in a
straight line he's great and everything
but why in hell that this lady put him
in a dog show jinx has no business being
in a dog show I mean look she can't even
walk him and kinks doesn't mad at her
he's just mad that she's wearing a fanny
pack in public I mean if we gave Fenton
his own show she could get his own show
too
I love jinx he sucks so much anyway
great videos today guys thanks for
sending them to me try to look for the
picture that is in one frame of this
video and also if you click the
subscribe button I will send you a link
to that research I was doing earlier hey
Scottie
Jesus
hey what's up guys you like coffee I
like coffee let's have coffee you guys
think I can do this video in under one
minute let's try it out first videos of
Russian car crash Wow that guy could've
died good thing that guy had a dash cam
thanks Russia more energy last episode
we had a bouncy slide it was a wheel
about slide but this one's way down I
love bouncy slide I pay attention to
this woman here baozi slide more like
slip and slide am i right
most comfortable accident I've ever seen
I mean look lady and water big soft
slide big soft lady I'm just saying her
butt cheeks look like pillows yeah more
energy now this last video was of a cute
dog in a car
ah I love him I wish he were making
noises though num-num-num
no careful guys don't get mirror may be
closer than you appear i'm ray william
johnson try and find the hidden picture
nor even click this button hi Lacey hi
ray bye Lacey bye ray stop did we make
it under a minute whew
I'll see you guys in a few days lady
I mean what's up guys it's good to be
back so our first but hold on gotta wait
for the video to load no go ahead take
your time no no we got all day
no good good you done good all right so
our first videos of this news reporter
know the reporters from Michigan and
she's doing a live story on the fourth
of July when this happens fashion later
today and Nicole DiDonato live in east
town and those details coming up all
right first of all Bad Kitty
that's a bad kitty later today and
Nicole DiDonato live in east town
the funny thing is the reporter barely
reacts like if that were me I would have
reacted not so calmly I'm chip Flanagan
Kathy what's up or maybe maybe the cat's
just trying to get his 15 minutes of
fame and lucky for this town the
abortion clinic is back in business I'm
chip Flanagan
yo yo let me get a shout out to my homie
whiskers let me shout out to my boo
mittens yeah I know cats can be jerks
sometimes but I don't hate cats
I'm too busy hating babies yeah you
thought we forgot about that bit didn't
ya so our next video is cup you know
what I'm gonna review this video up
close I hope I'm not making you
uncomfortable
so our next video is called Hannah
Montana Coon repellent and I don't
really know what's going on is like
there's this old man and he's on a
portal and he's sitting without fat
raccoon were you oh I'm ready for some
Hannah Montana Coon repel
bye-bye now
oh wait what the fuck
so let me get this straight Gandalf the
white here is letting his morbidly obese
pet raccoon bite him on the ribs and
when he gets tired of it he sprays
himself with Hannah Montana body spray
and then the raccoon stops biting him
okay I get it I get that Santa Claus
only works one day a year but with the
rest of the time he's just sitting on
his front porch with a fat raccoon but
you better deliver my toys and honestly
I'm more freaked out that he owns Hannah
Montana body spray I mean I own a one
direction fanny pack but Hannah Montana
body spray it's just a little weird and
where did this guy get Hannah Montana
body spray from one of the girls trapped
in his basement Hannah Montana body
spray now made with real bits of Hannah
Montana now seriously I kid the old man
I can't Dumbledore he's living the dream
man he's got the life he's chillin on
his front porch with his fat ass raccoon
and some children's body spray that's
every man's dream
so our final videos from a game show in
Australia called letters and numbers and
it's just as exciting as the title would
suggest so in the first round the
contestants have to unscramble letters
to make words and here are the letters
they were given E and I s D u M last
letter P Thank You Lily entertaining
starts the letters yeah you know penis
dump isn't that what they used to call
your mother in college BAM you know I
have a clean sense of humor so I thought
I would take a whack and unscrambling
penis dump and make it not so dirty all
right let's see I got nude pimps nope
let's see I got dumped in piss see not
as dirty clean and how come nobody on
the game show reacts to the word penis
dump no everything's cool over here at
the game show you seen one penis dump
you seeing them all just an ordinary
everyday panties dump you know guys if I
were working at that show I wouldn't
have got halfway through this without
cracking up
[Laughter]
quit come on penis dump you know penis
dump
it's what a gay man takes the
morning-after never mind no a penis dump
a penis dump is where you go to recycle
your used dildos responsibly
no I'm kidding you don't recycle dildos
Yury gift them here you go grandma Wow
an egg beater speaking of such if you
click the subscribe button I'll donate
$1,000 worth of dildos to families in
need
do your part guys what do you say meow
each Ungh it's not even a pun trick-ass
businesses yeah you know that Hannah
Montana body sprays made with real bits
of Hannah Montana that's so that's two
words you'll never see together those
are some sexy children my mother is a
whore I'm unsubscribing I'll donate
$1,000 worth of dildos to families in
need so they can go cut themselves and
I'm chip Flanagan reporting live from
KSP
